#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiofiles==0.8.0
    # via datasette
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via jupyter-server-proxy
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
altair==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==3.6.1
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via requests-cache
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   trove-newspaper-harvester
    #   trove-query-parser
asgi-csrf==0.9
    # via datasette
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via
    #   datasette
    #   uvicorn
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bs4
    #   nbconvert
    #   trove-newspaper-images
bleach==5.0.0
    # via nbconvert
bs4==0.0.1
    # via trove-newspaper-harvester
cattrs==22.1.0
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   click-default-group
    #   click-default-group-wheel
    #   datasette
    #   nltk
    #   sqlite-utils
    #   uvicorn
click-default-group==1.2.2
    # via datasette
click-default-group-wheel==1.2.2
    # via sqlite-utils
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
datasette==0.61.1
    # via -r requirements.in
debugpy==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.0.0rc9
    # via cattrs
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.15.3
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.33.3
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
h11==0.12.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
html2text==2020.1.16
    # via trove-newspaper-harvester
httpcore==0.15.0
    # via httpx
httpx==0.23.0
    # via datasette
hupper==1.10.3
    # via datasette
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.11.4
    # via jupyterlab-server
importlib-resources==5.8.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.15.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipython==8.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   asgi-csrf
    #   datasette
janus==1.0.0
    # via datasette
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasette
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.8
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.6.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-archive==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.3.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyter-core==4.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-archive
    #   jupyter-server-proxy
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyter-server-proxy==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.0
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.3
    # via matplotlib
lxml==4.9.0
    # via
    #   trove-newspaper-harvester
    #   trove-newspaper-images
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via wordcloud
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via datasette
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nbclassic==0.3.7
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==6.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   voila
nbformat==5.4.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
nltk==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   textblob
notebook==6.4.12
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   wordcloud
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   trove-query-parser
pandas==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   trove-newspaper-harvester
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.1.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   trove-newspaper-harvester
    #   trove-newspaper-images
    #   wordcloud
pint==0.19.2
    # via datasette
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via datasette
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.1
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-baseconv==1.2.2
    # via datasette
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   sqlite-utils
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-multipart==0.0.5
    # via asgi-csrf
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via datasette
pyzmq==23.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
regex==2022.6.2
    # via nltk
requests==2.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-cache
    #   trove-newspaper-images
    #   trove-query-parser
requests-cache==0.9.6
    # via trove-newspaper-harvester
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via httpx
scikit-learn==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.8.1
    # via scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
simpervisor==0.4
    # via jupyter-server-proxy
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-multipart
    #   url-normalize
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlite-fts4==1.0.1
    # via sqlite-utils
sqlite-utils==3.27
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.3.0
    # via ipython
tabulate==0.8.10
    # via sqlite-utils
terminado==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
textblob==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
toolz==0.11.2
    # via altair
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
    #   trove-newspaper-harvester
traitlets==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   voila
trove-newspaper-harvester==0.6.5
    # via -r requirements.in
trove-newspaper-images==0.2.1
    # via trove-newspaper-harvester
trove-query-parser==0.1.1
    # via trove-newspaper-harvester
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via janus
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
uvicorn==0.17.6
    # via datasette
voila==0.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voila-material
voila-material @ git+https://github.com/GLAM-Workbench/voila-material.git
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.3.3
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==10.3
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==3.6.0
    # via ipywidgets
wordcloud==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
